https://www.kaggle.com/biphili/time-series-data-analysis-stock-price

Project Requirements/Guidelines
S&P 500 stock data Analysis

1.Define about S&P data and what it is about
2.Define the fields in S&P data
3.Now Data Manipulation:
a.Check head and tail of data
b.Check the structure and if need be convert fields
c.Check for missing values, if needed do the filling
d.Check for outliers and highlight them? (For this you can use box plot, normal distribution)
4.EDA with python?
1.How many months/years of data is provided?
2.How many number of stocks?
3.Descriptive stats for each stock:
a.Overall max, min, avg, sd, variance, quantile across the time period
b.Day when it has reached the max
c.Overall max, min, avg, sd, variance, quantile across the time period on daily returns, for this do daily difference
d.Overall max, min, avg, sd, variance, quantile across the time period for number of shares sold
4.Visualization:
a.Time series plot for all the stocks
b.Time series plot for all the stocks on returns
c.Histogram plot for all the stocks, for this understand quantiles and do proper binning?
d.Histogram plot for all the stock returns, for this understand quantiles and do proper binning?
e.Time series plot for max, avg monthly for all stocks
Scatter plot for number of shares sold vs value for each stock?
Use some advanced packages to select the stock and visualize it.
5.Find the max value of each stock per month and year and pivot it
6.Find the avg value of each stock per year and pivot it
7.Do a bar plot to understand number of stocks with different average returns, average values
5.Repeat the same with power bi

Analysis/Report

1.From the analysis done so far, for each visualization/analysis, in your own words(<100) explain what insights are identified?
2.Analysis to understand:
a.If you invest 100,000 in each stock, what will be the returns monthly over 5 years for each stock (Assumption, you will sell the stocks at the end of each month)? What are the top 10 and bottom 10 performing stocks each month?
b.Assuming you were to present the results to business, design a BI dashboard with atleast 6 visuals and clear aesthetics.
